Before you start coding,
you'll need some details to help with implementing the prediction step.
At the very beginning,
the assumption is that the car is parked at a tree or a street lamp plus/minus one meter.
This means, the car could be here,
here, here, and so on.
The transition model is controlled only by x_t minus one and u_t.
Here we assume, the transition model is independent from the map.
Remember that u_t is a direct move pointed in driving direction.
The transition model is defined by
the 1D normal distribution defined by the mean u_t and sigma u_t,
and we have to evaluate at position x_t minus x_t minus 1_i.
Here, the sigma of u_t is one meter.
The state space range is from zero to 99 meters with a one-meter step resolution.
Now you have all information to implement the motion model.
So, before we go back to the code,
I have a small quiz for you.